AI Development Company | Custom AI solutions | Relinns Home Products AI Chatbot Platform Ecommerce Platform Services Custom Chatbot Development Custom Software Development Generative AI Consulting Low Code Development eCommerce Solutions AI Model Development Work Portfolio Case Study OckyPocky Store My Goods ModWash Punjab Agro's Five Rivers ISEA - Guatemala Optique The Black Book 4allPromos Cyboard TryKardi MedoPlus ChatAhoot Authentic Drilling GrumpNow Mall Shoppee About Careers Blogs Get in Touch To Change, To Enhance, To Grow is what we live by, so do our solutions An AI Development company that powerfully combines Reliability, Innovation & Speed to build AI solutions that will exceed your expectations Chatbot Generative AI LLM Build AI with Us Projects Delivered 0 + Countries Served 0 + Partners 0 + Team Size 0 + Brands That Trust Us ​​A Glimpse of Relinns' Brain Children Innovate. Elevate. Captivate AppsRhino AppsRhino is an AI eCommerce platform builder that empowers on-demand delivery businesses. BotPenguin BotPenguin is a generative AI chatbot platform that automates lead generation, customer support & appointment booking with its omnichannel chatbot. What We Do Building innovative AI solutions to transform your ideas into reality with the AI expertise that we hold & the customization that you want. Custom Software Development Your vision combined with our code to deliver a bespoke software solution that works just the way you want. Low Code Development Our solutions are low on code but high on performance, resulting in faster & efficient apps. Custom Chatbot Development Get custom chatbots tailored for your use case & integrated with your existing & preferred software system. eCommerce Solutions We craft scalable online stores with a user-centric view, be it web & mobile apps, chat storefronts, or AI-assisted e-shopping. Generative AI consulting We are your pathfinders in the generative AI age, helping you strategize the perfect blueprint for all things AI. AI Model Development We shape AI algorithms & ML models to enhance data analysis, automate processes, & predict outcomes. Start Your AI Journey Industries We Empower We usher innovation on-demand, catalyzing growth across industries— from healing hands to fueling the world engine. E-commerce Education Healthcare Real Estate Logistics How are we making an impact? 01 Reliability — At Relinns, trust is paramount. We prioritize consistency & dependability in everything we do, holding ourselves responsible for completing every project on time. Ultimately, our solutions exude reliability. 02 Innovation — Relinns is the cradle of digital ingenuity. We harness the latest technology & employ inventive problem-solving, reshaping industries with pioneering approaches & pushing the boundaries of what's possible. 03 S p e e e e e e e e e d — At Relinns, speed is inherent. Our agility enables swift adaptation. We collaborate, tackle challenges, and drive innovation with unmatched pace, staying ahead consistently. — Building trust through reliability, driving progress through innovation, and delivering at the speed of change. Values That Drive Our Actions At Relinns, we embody principles that define greatness: steadfast integrity, collaborative spirit, absolute responsibility, proactive initiative, and unwavering commitment to excellence. Integrity Our steadfast dedication to integrity is evident in every project, where transparent practices and honest solutions foster trust. We uphold truth and transparency in all we do. Collaboration Open-door culture with a horizontal hierarchy fosters collaboration at Relinns, enabling productive communication within & across teams. Our value extends to clients; we communicate openly with their teams to ensure mutual understanding and success. Ownership Ownership at Relinns entails each member taking full responsibility for their tasks and roles to deliver exceptional results. Likewise, we fully embrace project responsibility, striving to exceed client expectations with dedication and expertise. Taking Initiative At Relinns, taking initiative is celebrated. We proactively identify and address tasks, challenges, or opportunities without being prompted. Likewise, our initiators at the client's end resolve challenges with conviction and ingenuity, realizing their dreams. Excellence Excellence at Relinns is an unyielding commitment to continual learning, embracing challenges, and rewarding exceptional results. We set the standard above the norm, ensuring brilliance in every project and consistently surpassing client expectations. ChatGPT Dall-E Whisper Meta Llama AI Models that We Use Anthropic Claude Amazon Lex Gemini Perplexity AI We Have Changed The Game With AI If AI is the workpiece metal, Relinns is the forge where our AI developers strike the workpiece, giving it the shape your business needs. Customer Support Automation Escape the human limits of serving your customers. Let your AI assistant answer FAQs, solve common issues, raise tickets, & connect complex chat to live agents. AI in E-commerce Offer customers a premium shopping experience with an AI on their side. Show tailored product suggestions, fasten product search, draw comparisons, solve queries 24/7, & more. Personalized Recommendations Utilize AI algorithms to analyze customer data and deliver personalized suggestions that speak to your users’ desires, be it products, events, or services. Predictive Analytics Analyze historical data, identify patterns, & forecast future trends with precision. Predict shifts in user behavior, market demand, & industry trends to optimize marketing tactics & sales ops. AI-Driven Decision Making Let AI identify patterns and trends, providing actionable insights for strategic planning. Get data-driven recommendations, aiding in product development, marketing strategies, & resource allocation. Customer Sentiment Analysis Know what customers are feeling & use conversational AI to cater to them. Analyze & re-engage based on chat history, review behavioral analytics, & other unstructured data sources. Introducing Our Renowned Technology Partners Businesses We Have Impacted We craft digital masterpieces for businesses, blending uniqueness, utility, and unmatched craftsmanship, propelling them to the pinnacle of their domain. Mobile & Web App Development MedoPlus It streamlines patient care with remote medical consultations & record management. Custom Chatbot Development Optique Optique sells glasses & contact lenses & conducts eye exams. View All Case Studies Stories That Define Us Discover the Emotion, Trust, and Success Shared by Those We've Proudly Served “ We’ve been extremely impressed with the speed and quality of output. They are always responsive to feedback and maintains a professional and vested approach to both the client and product. “ Read More Nick Schutz Founder | GrumpNow “ The team is professional in their approach and is willing to go the extra mile for client satisfaction, something we have never experienced until now. “ Read More Sidharth Agarwal COO | Perpetuity Partners “  Relinns is highly reliable, always delivering on time and with a high quality. Their attention to detail, professionalism, and responsiveness contribute to rewarding collaboration. “ Read More Maneet Nanar Partner | Linx Creations “ Relinns met all deadlines and delivered on all requirements Communicating throughout the project, their team responded quickly to provide updates Their cost-effective methods and expertise in their field are impressive. “ Read More Brad Nelson Owner | Nelson Tec. &Consulting, LLC. “Relinns is truly a one stop center fulfilling all my project requirements involving development for Apps and website. I have already engaged them with 2 big requirements on all platforms and they can deliver with extra effort without me asking. I will opt for Relinns again for my next project. Keep the good work. Wish them huge success. “ Read More Marvin Foong Founder | Holimate Need AI-Powered Chatbots & Custom Mobile Apps ? Ok, let’s do this LET’S WORK TOGETHER · LET’S WORK TOGETHER · LET’S WORK TOGETHER · LET’S WORK TOGETHER · LET’S WORK TOGETHER · LET’S WORK TOGETHER · LET’S WORK TOGETHER · LET’S WORK TOGETHER · LET’S WORK TOGETHER · LET’S WORK TOGETHER · LET’S WORK TOGETHER · LET’S WORK TOGETHER · From the cassette tape to nanotech skeletons, we’ve come a long way. Splitting an atom is no big deal – and who’d have thought that we’d talk through airwaves? Change is inevitable, and we’re the tide that brings it. At Relinns, we breathe tech solutions and embrace innovation with open arms. Follow Us Menu About Portfolio Blogs Contact Us Careers Hiring Services Custom Chatbot Development Custom Software Development eCommerce Solutions Follow Us Copyright © 2016 - 2024 Relinns Technologies Pvt. Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy

AI Development Company | Custom AI solutions | Relinns Home Products AI Chatbot Platform Ecommerce Platform Services Custom Chatbot Development Custom Software Development Generative AI Consulting Low Code Development eCommerce Solutions AI Model Development Work Portfolio Case Study OckyPocky Store My Goods ModWash Punjab Agro's Five Rivers ISEA - Guatemala Optique The Black Book 4allPromos Cyboard TryKardi MedoPlus ChatAhoot Authentic Drilling GrumpNow Mall Shoppee About Careers Blogs Get in Touch To Change, To Enhance, To Grow is what we live by, so do our solutions An AI Development company that powerfully combines Reliability, Innovation & Speed to build AI solutions that will exceed your expectations Chatbot Generative AI LLM Build AI with Us Projects Delivered 0 + Countries Served 0 + Partners 0 + Team Size 0 + Brands That Trust Us ​​A Glimpse of Relinns' Brain Children Innovate. Elevate. Captivate AppsRhino AppsRhino is an AI eCommerce platform builder that empowers on-demand delivery businesses. BotPenguin BotPenguin is a generative AI chatbot platform that automates lead generation, customer support & appointment booking with its omnichannel chatbot. What We Do Building innovative AI solutions to transform your ideas into reality with the AI expertise that we hold & the customization that you want. Custom Software Development Your vision combined with our code to deliver a bespoke software solution that works just the way you want. Low Code Development Our solutions are low on code but high on performance, resulting in faster & efficient apps. Custom Chatbot Development Get custom chatbots tailored for your use case & integrated with your existing & preferred software system. eCommerce Solutions We craft scalable online stores with a user-centric view, be it web & mobile apps, chat storefronts, or AI-assisted e-shopping. Generative AI consulting We are your pathfinders in the generative AI age, helping you strategize the perfect blueprint for all things AI. AI Model Development We shape AI algorithms & ML models to enhance data analysis, automate processes, & predict outcomes. Start Your AI Journey Industries We Empower We usher innovation on-demand, catalyzing growth across industries— from healing hands to fueling the world engine. E-commerce Education Healthcare Real Estate Logistics How are we making an impact? 01 Reliability — At Relinns, trust is paramount. We prioritize consistency & dependability in everything we do, holding ourselves responsible for completing every project on time. Ultimately, our solutions exude reliability. 02 Innovation — Relinns is the cradle of digital ingenuity. We harness the latest technology & employ inventive problem-solving, reshaping industries with pioneering approaches & pushing the boundaries of what's possible. 03 S p e e e e e e e e e d — At Relinns, speed is inherent. Our agility enables swift adaptation. We collaborate, tackle challenges, and drive innovation with unmatched pace, staying ahead consistently. — Building trust through reliability, driving progress through innovation, and delivering at the speed of change. Values That Drive Our Actions At Relinns, we embody principles that define greatness: steadfast integrity, collaborative spirit, absolute responsibility, proactive initiative, and unwavering commitment to excellence. Integrity Our steadfast dedication to integrity is evident in every project, where transparent practices and honest solutions foster trust. We uphold truth and transparency in all we do. Collaboration Open-door culture with a horizontal hierarchy fosters collaboration at Relinns, enabling productive communication within & across teams. Our value extends to clients; we communicate openly with their teams to ensure mutual understanding and success. Ownership Ownership at Relinns entails each member taking full responsibility for their tasks and roles to deliver exceptional results. Likewise, we fully embrace project responsibility, striving to exceed client expectations with dedication and expertise. Taking Initiative At Relinns, taking initiative is celebrated. We proactively identify and address tasks, challenges, or opportunities without being prompted. Likewise, our initiators at the client's end resolve challenges with conviction and ingenuity, realizing their dreams. Excellence Excellence at Relinns is an unyielding commitment to continual learning, embracing challenges, and rewarding exceptional results. We set the standard above the norm, ensuring brilliance in every project and consistently surpassing client expectations. ChatGPT Dall-E Whisper Meta Llama AI Models that We Use Anthropic Claude Amazon Lex Gemini Perplexity AI We Have Changed The Game With AI If AI is the workpiece metal, Relinns is the forge where our AI developers strike the workpiece, giving it the shape your business needs. Customer Support Automation Escape the human limits of serving your customers. Let your AI assistant answer FAQs, solve common issues, raise tickets, & connect complex chat to live agents. AI in E-commerce Offer customers a premium shopping experience with an AI on their side. Show tailored product suggestions, fasten product search, draw comparisons, solve queries 24/7, & more. Personalized Recommendations Utilize AI algorithms to analyze customer data and deliver personalized suggestions that speak to your users’ desires, be it products, events, or services. Predictive Analytics Analyze historical data, identify patterns, & forecast future trends with precision. Predict shifts in user behavior, market demand, & industry trends to optimize marketing tactics & sales ops. AI-Driven Decision Making Let AI identify patterns and trends, providing actionable insights for strategic planning. Get data-driven recommendations, aiding in product development, marketing strategies, & resource allocation. Customer Sentiment Analysis Know what customers are feeling & use conversational AI to cater to them. Analyze & re-engage based on chat history, review behavioral analytics, & other unstructured data sources. Introducing Our Renowned Technology Partners Businesses We Have Impacted We craft digital masterpieces for businesses, blending uniqueness, utility, and unmatched craftsmanship, propelling them to the pinnacle of their domain. Mobile & Web App Development MedoPlus It streamlines patient care with remote medical consultations & record management. Custom Chatbot Development Optique Optique sells glasses & contact lenses & conducts eye exams. View All Case Studies Stories That Define Us Discover the Emotion, Trust, and Success Shared by Those We've Proudly Served “ We’ve been extremely impressed with the speed and quality of output. They are always responsive to feedback and maintains a professional and vested approach to both the client and product. “ Read More Nick Schutz Founder | GrumpNow “ The team is professional in their approach and is willing to go the extra mile for client satisfaction, something we have never experienced until now. “ Read More Sidharth Agarwal COO | Perpetuity Partners “  Relinns is highly reliable, always delivering on time and with a high quality. Their attention to detail, professionalism, and responsiveness contribute to rewarding collaboration. “ Read More Maneet Nanar Partner | Linx Creations “ Relinns met all deadlines and delivered on all requirements Communicating throughout the project, their team responded quickly to provide updates Their cost-effective methods and expertise in their field are impressive. “ Read More Brad Nelson Owner | Nelson Tec. &Consulting, LLC. “Relinns is truly a one stop center fulfilling all my project requirements involving development for Apps and website. I have already engaged them with 2 big requirements on all platforms and they can deliver with extra effort without me asking. I will opt for Relinns again for my next project. Keep the good work. Wish them huge success. “ Read More Marvin Foong Founder | Holimate Need AI-Powered Chatbots & Custom Mobile Apps ? Ok, let’s do this LET’S WORK TOGETHER · LET’S WORK TOGETHER · LET’S WORK TOGETHER · LET’S WORK TOGETHER · LET’S WORK TOGETHER · LET’S WORK TOGETHER · LET’S WORK TOGETHER · LET’S WORK TOGETHER · LET’S WORK TOGETHER · LET’S WORK TOGETHER · LET’S WORK TOGETHER · LET’S WORK TOGETHER · From the cassette tape to nanotech skeletons, we’ve come a long way. Splitting an atom is no big deal – and who’d have thought that we’d talk through airwaves? Change is inevitable, and we’re the tide that brings it. At Relinns, we breathe tech solutions and embrace innovation with open arms. Follow Us Menu About Portfolio Blogs Contact Us Careers Hiring Services Custom Chatbot Development Custom Software Development eCommerce Solutions Follow Us Copyright © 2016 - 2024 Relinns Technologies Pvt. Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy

Free Chatbot maker | Chatbot for Website, WhatsApp | BotPenguin Why BotPenguin Product Solutions Pricing Partners Resources Login Get Started FREE Engage, Converse and Convert your visitors using AI Chatbot Agent Generate 10x more leads, solve up to 80% customer queries, engage 70% more visitors to earn 90% more revenue by automating business communication. Get Started FREE *FREE Forever plan. No Credit Card Required. Trusted by 40,000+ Global Brands Performance Highlights 193+ Countries Served 100Mn+ Messages Consumed 35k+ Total Customers 120+ Partners An AI chatbot that can be anywhere, anytime Keep your customers happy and engaged with an omnichannel presence across all popular platforms with BotPenguin’s chatbot maker platform WhatsApp Market and sell products on WhatsApp. Utilize AI for personalized conversation and grow your business with BotPenguin’s chatbot maker. Facebook Serve your customers on Facebook, 24x7. Enhance user experience with the best customer support ever. Telegram Run our Telegram chatbot to create your own custom chatbot tailored to your interests. Instagram Sell products directly through Instagram and automate replies to messages, stories, and comments to enhance user experience. Website Simplify lead generation, appointment booking, product marketing, and more with our multifunctional chatbot maker. MS Teams Use MS Teams AI chatbot for smooth collaboration, task automation, and FAQ handling. Customize your AI Chatbot with Generative AI and Custom LLMs Infuse ChatGPT4o’s LLM-powered magic to craft AI Chatbot Avatars that match your brand identity. Create Your Free AI Chatbot Contact Us One platform with all the features you want from your Chatbot Maker From customer support to AI conversations, BotPenguin covers every possible aspect of being the most ‘complete’ chatbot platform. Omnichannel Customer Support Connect with your customers on every platform they reach out to you on. Marketing Automations Generate More Sales Better E-Commerce Live Chat Unified Inbox Endless Integrations For every Business Problem, BotPenguin has the Best Solution. Automate the manual work of every department of your business with the only complete all-in-one chatbot builder platform. Marketing Team Sales Team Support Team Engage instantly with visitors to convert them into customers and traffic into revenue. Segregate customers based on their demographics, purchasing habits or any criteria that you want. Attract more customers by showcasing products and catalogs tailored to their interests. Get Started FREE Achieve 70% higher conversions with AI Chatbot Get Started FREE What makes BotPenguin the ideal AI Chatbot Solution Provider? BotPenguin goes beyond basic chatbot functionalities with advanced services and features, makin it the perfect AI Business Assistant for you. Onboarding Support and Guidance From the moment you contact us, you will get a dedicated support agent to help you throughout your chatbot journey. No-code Chatflow Builder Zero Setup Fee Multilingual Chatbot Thorough AI Capabilities Advanced Analytics Build your Chatbot BotPenguin for everyone No matter what the industry, BotPenguin thrives easily. Ecommerce Sell and retain better with BotPenguin taking care of your ecommerce needs Education Keep your customers well informed and up to date with all the updates you push. Real Estate Automate your business showings, list properties & help your customers in one go! Consultants Make consulting super easy with BotPenguin doing most of the grunt work. Healthcare Help your patients book appointments, or reach out to a doc in just a few moments. Tour and Travels Exhibit tours, gain leads & give out excellent support to your customers in just few clicks. Integrate with your favorite applications and configure for a seamless experience. Enjoy our 60+ native integrations. Whether it's CRMs. Appointment schedulers or Analytics, we’ve got', subHeadingTwo: 'you covered. Send data from your AI chatbot straight to your CRMs and other tools and vice versa. and more than 60+ tools to integrate Get Started FREE Your Privacy, Our Priority At BotPenguin, our customer's data security is our top priority. We never store your data and ensure all the information remains safe. 100% Data Security What our Customers say Delivering value, earning trust. Hear good words about BotPenguin on these platforms Capterra “We are using BotPenguin for our Facebook bots, responding to Facebook messages automatically. Currently handling millions of messages on a monthly basis and really great product.” - Twana D. 4.6 Star Rating View More Trustpilot “Its Whatsapp Automation with API is really practical for sales & marketing objective. If it comes with analytics about campaign result it will be awesome.” - BD Michae 5 Star Rating View More Good Firms “Their timely communication is the reason for the great project management. Our descriptions are precisely translated into needs by BotPenguin, and they possess the necessary skill set to execute features in a timely manner.” - Yashi Amola 5 Star Rating View More G2 “Their ability to excecute in a timely manner. If you want to start an AI Chatbot business then this is the place. - They have a great work enviroment, and know how important it is to be effecient.” - Gustav Louv 5 Star Rating View More Crozdesk “The team at BotPenguin contributed knowledge not just about using Generative AI but also about how these technologies may be customized to meet our needs in the asset and wealth management industry. It was amazing how well they could convert difficult technical ideas into workable, approachable solutions. Furthermore, the team at BotPenguin has shown a remarkable capacity for creative problem-solving, as demonstrated by their approach to challenging project specifications.” - Phil Johnson 5 Star Rating View More Solve 80% of customer queries with AI Chatbot Book a demo Learn more BotPenguin is the best AI Chatbot maker platform. Create a Chatbot for WhatsApp, Website, Facebook Messenger, Telegram, WordPress & Shopify with BotPenguin - 100% FREE! Our chatbot creator helps with lead generation, appointment booking, customer support, marketing automation, WhatsApp & Facebook Automation for businesses. AI-powered No-Code chatbot maker with live chat plugin & ChatGPT integration. Mobile app Download iOS App Download Android App Platforms Microsoft Teams New Instagram New Whatsapp Telegram Facebook Websites Partners Whitelabel Partner Whatsapp Whitelabel Partner Implementation Partner Affiliate Partner Get Started Chatbot For Ecommerce Chatbot For Real Estate Chatbot For Education Chatbot For Travel All Templates Free Tools WhatsApp Link Generator WhatsApp QR Code Generator OpenAI API Pricing Calculator Chatbot ROI Calculator All Free Tools Integrations ChatGPT GoHighLevel Bitrix 24 Zapier All Integrations Resources Blog Glossary Help Center Write for us Contact Us What’s New Product Updates Status Page Comparisons BotPenguin vs Manychat BotPenguin vs Tidio BotPenguin vs Tawk.to BotPenguin vs Wati BotPenguin vs Landbot All Comparisons Alternatives What you get Lead Generation Bot Support Bot Assistant Bot Platforms Microsoft Teams New Instagram New Whatsapp Telegram Facebook Websites Get Started Integrations Comparisons Partners Free Tools Resources What’s you get Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Security GDPR Refund Policy Mobile app Download iOS App Download Android App Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Security GDPR Refund Policy Copyright © 2018 - 2024 Relinns Technologies Pvt. Ltd. All RightsReserved.

On Demand Mobile App Development Company - AppsRhino HOME CASE STUDIES Taxi Booking/Uber Clone Bonobo Case Study Laundry On Demand Cleany Case Study PickUp and Delivery Skop Case Study Cannabis On Demand Weez On Wheels Case Study Grocery On Demand A1 Indian Groceries Case Study SOLUTIONS Alcohol App On-demand Alcohol App development Grocery App On-demand Grocery delivery App development Food Delivery App On-demand Food delivery App development Cannabis App On-demand Cannabis delivery App development SAAS PLATFORM BLOGS Get in touch Custom Mobile App Development AppsRhino provides solutions for on demand Grocery delivery, Alcohol delivery, Food delivery, Laundry delivery, Home services, Doctors, Plumbers and Electrician services, Taxi and Logistics services. Get Started 200+ Project Completed A Proven Track Record: 200+ Mobile Apps Developed by Our Team. 100+ Happy Customers 5+ Awards Achieved 70+ Strong Team Members Industry Vertical Food Delivery Alcohol Groceries Why choose AppsRhino? Why AppsRhino is the #1 Choice for On-Demand App Development Your App, Your Brand Get a custom delivery app with your brand logo & images, and give your customers a personalized experience. Flexible Pricing Flexible pricing plans offer you the ideal balance between innovation and investment. You can choose between SaaS and Custom Solution. Diverse Market Expertise Our experience has taken us across the globe, empowering diverse business models and markets. We have contributed to the growth of various startups as well as the stability of Enterprises. Unmatched Support AppsRhino provides all the support and guidance you require, both pre and post-launch. Scalability From an early stage of being a startup to the establishing point of an Enterprise we provide an ideal solution, ranging from SaaS to a total custom solution. Get in touch Unique Benefits Discover 6 unique benefits of choosing Appsrhino. Customizable & Whitelabel A whitelabel solution is a ready-to-use software suite that with little, over-the-top customizations and branding becomes a part of your business identity. Deploy on a Server of Choice We help you deploy the solution on the server of your choice whether shared, hosted or cloud. In case you don’thave access to a server, we can deploy on ours for a nominal fee. Multiple Payment Gateways Whether you want to integrate our recommended Stripe, Uber’s Braintree, the very popular PayPal, or a payment gateway of choice, the integration is uncomplicated. Scalable and Robust What started with a handful of drivers and few hundred users will soon grow to include hundreds of drivers and thousands of users in many cities. Our solution is scalable. Various Support Options At all times, you must support your drivers and customers or you risk losing them. Likewise, as a client, we are at your back all the times, dusk to dawn. Fastest Time to Market As the base solution is ready to use, we can with minimum modifications, almost zero coding, over-the-top customizations can deliver the solution to you. Uber for X : an end to end Solution Dashboard Aerial view for the admin to keep track of users and agents. Customer App Intuitive app design let users order and book easily on the go. Agent App Agent can receive on-demand orders for delivery and booking requests. Analytics Crunch orders, deliveries and payment data and get more insights to enable business growth. Dashboard Aerial view for the admin to keep track of users and agents. Customer App Intuitive app design let users order and book easily on the go. Agent App Agent can receive on-demand orders for delivery and booking requests. Analytics Crunch orders, deliveries and payment data and get more insights to enable business growth. Get your SAAS Platform Key Features Why AppsRhino is the #1 Choice for On-Demand App Development Onboarding Schedular Tracking Payment Offering Automated assignment Notifications Rating & Reviews Onboarding Personalized as per demands of the customer. An interesting and simple walkthrough is encouraged. From approval to authentication, Everything is possible in few steps. Customer Testimonials Don’t just take our word for it. Here are some of the great stuff our clients said Appsrhino has always been super responsive in solving all the issues our team encountered. They are technically strong, making them capable of solving all of our problems in record time. They offer exceptional value for money and are extremely loyal. I wholeheartedly recommend Relinns Technologies to all app developers in the UK and worldwide. Ben Phillis CEO & Co-Founder, GrumpNow Appsrhino’s go-getter attitude in the face of innovations and turning new ideas into cutting-edge technologies is something that enables me in all my current and future aspirations. Team Lead, Ajay, is a benchmark in professionalism and commitment. Ravi Verma CEO & Co-Founder, Drinkyfy Appsrhino has been instrumental in helping us get the growth we wanted and the impact we wished to make in the transport sector. We have captured the market and we are managing it well, night and day, thanks to Relinns. Abedi Muange CEO & Founder, ClickAfrica Appsrhino has always been super responsive in solving all the issues our team encountered. They are technically strong, making them capable of solving all of our problems in record time. They offer exceptional value for money and are extremely loyal. I wholeheartedly recommend Relinns Technologies to all app developers in the UK and worldwide. Ben Phillis CEO & Co-Founder, GrumpNow Ravi Verma CEO & Co-Founder, Drinkyfy Appsrhino’s go-getter attitude in the face of innovations and turning new ideas into cutting-edge technologies is something that enables me in all my current and future aspirations. Team Lead, Ajay, is a benchmark in professionalism and commitment. Ravi Verma CEO & Co-Founder, Drinkyfy Abedi Muange CEO & Founder, ClickAfrica Appsrhino has been instrumental in helping us get the growth we wanted and the impact we wished to make in the transport sector. We have captured the market and we are managing it well, night and day, thanks to Relinns. Abedi Muange CEO & Founder, ClickAfrica Ben Phillis CEO & Co-Founder, GrumpNow Our Clients Media & Badges AppsRhino provides personalized on-demand applications for business and mobile phones. We are listed on the following platforms. Kickstart your Custom Mobile App Development GET IN TOUCH As a mobile app development company, We aim at providing highly customized on-demand mobile apps and business apps to help companies achieve their real potential. On Demand Apps Alcohol App Groceries App Food Delivery App Cannabis App Our Links Hire Dedicated Developers Hire Android Developers Hire Angular Developers Hire React Developers Hire IOS Developers Hire PHP Developers Hire Node Developers Hire Joget Developers Hire MongoDB Developers Hire Java Developers Contact Us contact@appsrhino.com Sales Office: 2323 North Pulaski, Chicago,IL 60639 Sales Office: 92 White Post Lane - Hackney Wick - London - E9 5EN Sales Office: 1341 Monaghan Cir, Mississauga, ON L5C 1R7 Sales Office: 371 Borno Way, Alagomeji, Yaba, Lagos. Sales Office: Strand, Western Cape, South Africa Copyright © 2023 AppsRhino Pvt. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Let's get in touch Fill up the form and our team will get back to you within 24 hours contact@appsrhino.com +1-718-717-2666 Enter your name here +91 Enter your number here Enter your email here On-Demand Solutions Hire Developers Others Select your requirement Enter your Message here Send Message

AI Chatbot Development Services | Relinns Technologies Home Custom Chatbot Development Home Products AI Chatbot Platform Ecommerce Platform Services Custom Chatbot Development Custom Software Development Generative AI Consulting Low Code Development eCommerce Solutions AI Model Development Work Portfolio Case Study OckyPocky Store My Goods ModWash Punjab Agro's Five Rivers ISEA - Guatemala Optique The Black Book 4allPromos Cyboard TryKardi MedoPlus ChatAhoot Authentic Drilling GrumpNow Mall Shoppee About Careers Blogs Get in Touch Get Custom AI Chatbot For Your Business Taking orders, Giving suggestions, Booking appointments, Answering customer queries there is nothing bots can’t be trained for. Contact Us Platforms Our Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence expertise to take your business a generation ahead by automating your client communication across following bot development platforms: — Connect with us anywhere, anytime! Get AI support across all platforms: WhatsApp, Facebook, Instagram, Telegram, Shopify, and more. Your convenience, our priority! Explore All Chatbot Platforms Explore All Chatbot Platforms Development Process A holistic process for building a chatbot, religiously followed and exceptionally adaptive. Discovery & UI/UX Design Architecture First Release QA & Testing Bot Training Post Launch Technology Stack We Use Our Secret Ingredients includes advanced programming coupled with right set of tools to produce magical results. Share Your Project Requirements Why Us All your ideas are worth their weight in digital gold, and will be made into reality at our workplace. Astounding Designs We are delighted by satisfying our customers with unique, creative and easy to use apps. Read More Shortest time to market We provide fastest time to market! We can deliver first cut prototype in 48 hours and a white labeled solution in 96 hours. Read More Technical Partners Got an idea, pass the relay and let us handle all your technical hurdles on your journey to the top. Read More Dedicated team​ Our team is on the path to find religion in the workplace with a meticulously dedicated work ethic and a crisp bow-tie professionalism. Read More Post Go live support Launching the app isn’t the end, it rather marks the start of the journey which we sail along to take you to the pinnacle. Read More Global Presence Having presence across 4 continents to ensure that there is no time, location based hindrance. Read More Let’s Redefine eCommerce Add Your Brand’s Success Story To Our Exhaustive Global List Of Elite Brands Join Our Club Our Services Experience the Future of Customer Interaction Custom Chatbot Development Custom Software Development Web Development Share Your Project Requirements Have an Awesome Project? Let’s Make It Happen! Ok, let’s do this LET’S WORK TOGETHER · LET’S WORK TOGETHER · LET’S WORK TOGETHER · LET’S WORK TOGETHER · LET’S WORK TOGETHER · LET’S WORK TOGETHER · LET’S WORK TOGETHER · LET’S WORK TOGETHER · LET’S WORK TOGETHER · LET’S WORK TOGETHER · LET’S WORK TOGETHER · LET’S WORK TOGETHER · From the cassette tape to nanotech skeletons, we’ve come a long way. Splitting an atom is no big deal – and who’d have thought that we’d talk through airwaves? Change is inevitable, and we’re the tide that brings it. At Relinns, we breathe tech solutions and embrace innovation with open arms. Follow Us Menu About Portfolio Blogs Contact Us Careers Hiring Services Custom Chatbot Development Custom Software Development eCommerce Solutions Follow Us Copyright © 2016 - 2024 Relinns Technologies Pvt. Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy

Relinns Website Home Products AI Chatbot Platform Ecommerce Platform Services Custom Chatbot Development Custom Software Development Generative AI Consulting Low Code Development eCommerce Solutions AI Model Development Work Portfolio Case Study OckyPocky Store My Goods ModWash Punjab Agro's Five Rivers ISEA - Guatemala Optique The Black Book 4allPromos Cyboard TryKardi MedoPlus ChatAhoot Authentic Drilling GrumpNow Mall Shoppee About Careers Blogs Get in Touch Oops! Page Not Found We apologize for any disruption to the space-time continuum. Feel free to journey back to our homepage. Go Back Home Have an Awesome Project? Let’s Make It Happen! Ok, let’s do this LET’S WORK TOGETHER · LET’S WORK TOGETHER · LET’S WORK TOGETHER · LET’S WORK TOGETHER · LET’S WORK TOGETHER · LET’S WORK TOGETHER · LET’S WORK TOGETHER · LET’S WORK TOGETHER · LET’S WORK TOGETHER · LET’S WORK TOGETHER · LET’S WORK TOGETHER · LET’S WORK TOGETHER · From the cassette tape to nanotech skeletons, we’ve come a long way. Splitting an atom is no big deal – and who’d have thought that we’d talk through airwaves? Change is inevitable, and we’re the tide that brings it. At Relinns, we breathe tech solutions and embrace innovation with open arms. Follow Us Menu About Portfolio Blogs Contact Us Careers Hiring Services Custom Chatbot Development Custom Software Development eCommerce Solutions Follow Us Copyright © 2016 - 2024 Relinns Technologies Pvt. Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy

Relinns: Building Innovative Web, Mobile & AI Solutions Home Case Studies Home Products AI Chatbot Platform Ecommerce Platform Services Custom Chatbot Development Custom Software Development Generative AI Consulting Low Code Development eCommerce Solutions AI Model Development Work Portfolio Case Study OckyPocky Store My Goods ModWash Punjab Agro's Five Rivers ISEA - Guatemala Optique The Black Book 4allPromos Cyboard TryKardi MedoPlus ChatAhoot Authentic Drilling GrumpNow Mall Shoppee About Careers Blogs Get in Touch Building AI Solutions to Shape the Digital Age Our record is a testament to the ideas, dreams, and shower thoughts we have turned into tangible digital solutions. If you can think of it, Relinns can code it. Custom Chatbot Development OckyPocky OckyPocky is a kids English learning app with live chat teaching & support. View Case Study Custom Chatbot Development Store My Goods Store My Goods is a leading storage & logistics provider. View Case Study Custom Chatbot Development ModWash ModWash is a Texas-based car wash service on a tech-driven cleaning mission. View Case Study 1 2 3 4 5 Add Your Brand’s Success Story To Our Exhaustive Global List Of Elite Brands Join Our Club Our Services Experience the Future of Customer Interaction Custom Chatbot Development Custom Software Development Web Development Share Your Project Requirements A satisfied customer is the best business strategy of all. Have An Awesome Project? Let’s Make It Happen! Ok, let’s do this LET’S WORK TOGETHER · LET’S WORK TOGETHER · LET’S WORK TOGETHER · LET’S WORK TOGETHER · LET’S WORK TOGETHER · LET’S WORK TOGETHER · LET’S WORK TOGETHER · LET’S WORK TOGETHER · LET’S WORK TOGETHER · LET’S WORK TOGETHER · LET’S WORK TOGETHER · LET’S WORK TOGETHER · From the cassette tape to nanotech skeletons, we’ve come a long way. Splitting an atom is no big deal – and who’d have thought that we’d talk through airwaves? Change is inevitable, and we’re the tide that brings it. At Relinns, we breathe tech solutions and embrace innovation with open arms. Follow Us Menu About Portfolio Blogs Contact Us Careers Hiring Services Custom Chatbot Development Custom Software Development eCommerce Solutions Follow Us Copyright © 2016 - 2024 Relinns Technologies Pvt. Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy

About Relinns | Innovative AI Solutions Home Products AI Chatbot Platform Ecommerce Platform Services Custom Chatbot Development Custom Software Development Generative AI Consulting Low Code Development eCommerce Solutions AI Model Development Work Portfolio Case Study OckyPocky Store My Goods ModWash Punjab Agro's Five Rivers ISEA - Guatemala Optique The Black Book 4allPromos Cyboard TryKardi MedoPlus ChatAhoot Authentic Drilling GrumpNow Mall Shoppee About Careers Blogs Get in Touch The Relinns Story Our repertoire caters to everything digital and necessary for today’s businesses. Our work culture mirrors our digital solutions, forged for reliability, innovation, & speed. It starts with a line of code and ends with our clients' smiles. Welcome To Relinns — We live in the realm of rising, ever evolving technology. From the cassette tape to nanotech skeletons, we’ve come a long way. Splitting an atom is no big deal - and who’d have thought that we’d talk through airwaves? Change is inevitable, and we’re the tide that brings it. At Relinns, we breathe tech solutions and embrace innovation with open arms. Delivering Success Consistently And At Scale Projects Delivered 0 + Countries Served 0 + Partners 0 + Team Size 0 + Our Vision & Mission Statement App Development Process which Results in Engaging Apps Customer Satisfaction We don’t believe in a transactional approach, when we present our offerings to clients, we assume the role of technology partners that lasts a lifetime. Our offerings are crafted in a manner that holds with customer satisfaction as a priority, backed by seamless communication channels. Read More Relinns Way of life We aim to challenging and motivating our employees to perform above their potential. With an encouraging environment and constructive inputs we drive employees to better themselves while nurturing creativity and revolutionary ideas for a better tomorrow. Read More Giving It Back To Society Extending an offering of Industrial Training to several college students, we give back to the community. While it furnishes students with exposure to niches it also acts as a unique learning curve. Read More Global Expertise At Your Fingertips Presence is more than just being there; with on-ground support across various countries, we are locked and loaded to help you wherever you are. India HQ: 303, C-184, Third Floor, Sector 75, Mohali, Punjab 160071 Our Story From ideas to execution, our incredible 8-year journey is a story of resilience, innovation, collaboration, and digital success. 2024 2023 2022 2020 2019 2017 2016 - Message consumption on BotPenguin soared past 100 million. - An impressive network of over 100 partners collaborates with us. - Reached 190+ countries, transcending borders and boundaries. - Our monthly active user base has surged to a remarkable 2000+. A satisfied customer is the best business strategy of all. Need AI-Powered Chatbots & Custom Mobile Apps ? Ok, let’s do this LET’S WORK TOGETHER · LET’S WORK TOGETHER · LET’S WORK TOGETHER · LET’S WORK TOGETHER · LET’S WORK TOGETHER · LET’S WORK TOGETHER · LET’S WORK TOGETHER · LET’S WORK TOGETHER · LET’S WORK TOGETHER · LET’S WORK TOGETHER · LET’S WORK TOGETHER · LET’S WORK TOGETHER · From the cassette tape to nanotech skeletons, we’ve come a long way. Splitting an atom is no big deal – and who’d have thought that we’d talk through airwaves? Change is inevitable, and we’re the tide that brings it. At Relinns, we breathe tech solutions and embrace innovation with open arms. Follow Us Menu About Portfolio Blogs Contact Us Careers Hiring Services Custom Chatbot Development Custom Software Development eCommerce Solutions Follow Us Copyright © 2016 - 2024 Relinns Technologies Pvt. Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy

Explore Exciting Career Opportunities | Relinns Careers Home Products Services Work About Careers Blogs Apply Now Home Products Services Work About Careers Blogs Apply Now Be the Brain Behind the Silicon We are a passionate bunch crafting smart digital solutions for businesses globally. So, if you are a driven, creative, & skilled individual, Relinns is your workplace. Freshers | Experienced Join Our Team Be the Brain Behind the Silicon We are a passionate bunch crafting smart digital solutions for businesses globally. So, if you are a driven, creative, & skilled individual, Relinns is your workplace. Freshers | Experienced Join Our Team Why Work with Us? We’re a young, fast-paced, growing team, conquering challenges and having fun. Our work environment is opportunity-rich, balanced, remote-friendly, learning-oriented, and encourages your growth. Flexible working environment We offer the flexibility to work at convenient hours, and we focus on getting the work done rather than spending long hours in the office. Experts to learn from We provide you the opportunity to be trained and mentored by Subject Matter Experts. Our mentors have a high intelligence and empathy quotient. Open door management We welcome anonymous feedback to resolve professional issues. Weekly meetings & gatherings allow open communication. Plus, the flat hierarchy lets you easily open up to anyone. Work-life balance We understand the importance and do everything to ensure our employees have a proper work-life balance. After all you will never feel truly satisfied by work until you are satisfied by life. Excellent career growth You don’t need to wait for specific period of time to get your work acknowledged. We always value your contributions to both strategy and execution parts. Engaging work culture All work and no play makes Jack a dull employee. We keep our people engaged in fun activities, enabling them to communicate and understand each other better. Life at Relinns Working at Relinns is more than just a job. We connect, celebrate, and rejoice over key milestones, letting you love everything that makes up your workspace. Our Core Values We run on beliefs and ethics, as strong as our programs’ logical structures. Integrity In the face of difficulties, we are stronger than ever. We are fueled by passion and connected by character. Collaboration Best ideas come when we create together. At Relinns, brainstorming is the staple culture and ideas are in the air. Excellence Our values drive us to achieve excellence in our pursuits and our conscience isn’t satisfied with anything less. Responsibility and Ownership We stand true to what we create and each of us owns the products we make. We are defined by our products. Taking Initiative True innovation is driven by initiative. Our team is made up of problem solvers who take charge and bring change. Search for Your Next Job Freshers | Experienced Search for Your Next Job Freshers | Experienced Department Select Department Marketing Business Development Operations Engineering Hr Engagement Type Select Engagement Type Consultant Intern Full-time Video Editing Intern Intern | No experience required Apply Video Editing Intern Apply Intern | No experience required Join Relinns Technologies as a Video Editor and get a chance of working closely with the marketing and content teams to produce high-quality videos that align with our brand and engage our audience. Project Coordinator Executive Full-time | 1-2 Years Experience Apply Project Coordinator Executive Apply Full-time | 1-2 Years Experience Write a small description for the above job title in 200 characters Project Coordinator Intern Intern | No experience required Apply Project Coordinator Intern Apply Intern | No experience required Join Relinns Technologies as a Project Coordinator Intern in Mohali! Support project activities, manage schedules, and ensure effective communication. Full-time placement opportunity. Revenue Growth Trainee Intern | No experience required Apply Revenue Growth Trainee Apply Intern | No experience required Join Relinns Technologies as a Revenue Growth Trainee in Mohali! Support revenue growth initiatives, qualify leads, and analyse market trends. Client Realtionship Trainee Intern | No experience required Apply Client Realtionship Trainee Apply Intern | No experience required Join Relinns Technologies as a Client Relationship Trainee in Mohali! Build and maintain strong client relationships, support engagement initiatives, and enhance client satisfaction. Business Development Analyst Intern Intern | No experience required Apply Business Development Analyst Intern Apply Intern | No experience required Join Relinns Technologies as a Business Development Analyst Intern in Mohali! Analyze market trends, qualify leads, and support business development strategies. Full-time placement opportunity. Business Growth Intern Intern | No experience required Apply Business Growth Intern Apply Intern | No experience required Join Relinns Technologies as a Business Growth Intern in Mohali! Support growth initiatives, qualify leads, and enhance customer acquisition strategies. Opportunity for full-time placement. Customer Support Intern | No experience required Apply Customer Support Apply Intern | No experience required At Relinns Technologies, we thrive on innovation, collaboration, and continuous learning, working with cutting-edge Generative AI. Join our inclusive, supportive team and grow your career with us. Sales Intern Intern | No experience required Apply Sales Intern Apply Intern | No experience required Join Relinns Technologies as a Sales Intern! Get hands-on experience with Generative AI, receive comprehensive training, manage assigned leads, and enjoy unlimited sales incentives. Apply now! Product Management Intern Intern | 0-3 Years Experience Apply Product Management Intern Apply Intern | 0-3 Years Experience We are seeking a dynamic Product Manager with a zeal of learning to manage the development and enhancement of our AI chatbot software. 1 2 3 4 The Hiring Journey Unlocking opportunities at Relinns Technologies. Find the role that aligns with your passion and submit your resume. Technical Profile Non-technical Profile Do you have a knack for software development? We will provide you with all the tools & training to play with codes. 1 2 3 4 1 2 3 4 Logical Test Put your coding skills to the test with a challenging but fun logical assessment. Technical Interview Share your projects, preferred tech-niches, & journey. Cultural Fit Interview Let’s see if your values align with our company culture. Welcome Onboard Congratulations! Welcome to Our Technical Team! Logical Test Put your coding skills to the test with a challenging but fun logical assessment. Technical Interview Share your projects, preferred tech-niches, & journey. Cultural Fit Interview Let’s see if your values align with our company culture. Welcome Onboard Congratulations! Welcome to Our Technical Team! Appreciations We follow a culture of appreciation where employees bloom, productivity soars, and success becomes inevitable. Nikita Kalra Taking Initiative Mehak Yadav Responsibility & Ownership Bhawna Ahuja Collaboration Rahul Gupta Integrity Swapnil Manchanda Excellence Amanjot Kaur Collaboration Learn & Grow Can’t wait to join us? We nurture young problem solvers and leaders. Intern with us! Faiz's Experience At Relinns Technologies Faiz Swami Vivekanand Institute Of Engineering And Technology What Our Employees Say? Hear the good words employees say about Relinns. I am extremely fortunate to be a part of Relinns, where the work culture is friendly and highly supportive. I am grateful to work with colleagues who are approachable and always willing to lend a helping hand. From working as an individual to becoming a Team Lead, it's been an incredible rollercoaster ride full of exciting challenges & learning opportunities. Working with different teams, I've gained knowledge & experience of various aspects of marketing, design, content & how things work. Rahul Gupta (Assistant Manager - Marketing ) As the Manager of Sales and Customer Success at Relinns, I can confidently say that working here has been an incredible experience. At Relinns, the environment is tailored for sales growth, fostering collaboration and innovation, and making each workday a source of joy. Our commitment to delivering top-notch customer support is not only evident but is a pivotal force behind our sales triumphs. I value the hands-on experience with cutting-edge technologies and the unwavering support from our tech team, making our sales strategies even more effective. Relinns doesn't just meet industry standards; we set new benchmarks for sales and customer-centric workplaces. Anmol Anand (Manager-Customer Success) Starting my journey at Relinns as a Software Developer was the ideal beginning for my professional path. Being at the cutting edge of technological advancements is truly thrilling, and the experience is significantly enhanced by the robust support from our exceptional tech team. Their mentorship has been pivotal to my development, enriching my career in numerous ways. At Relinns, every day presents a new opportunity to learn and make a meaningful contribution. This dynamic atmosphere ensures that working at Relinns is not just a job, but a rewarding adventure in personal and professional growth. Bhawna Ahuja (Associate Software Engineer) It’s been one and a half years for me working as a Digital Marketing Executive here at Relinns and I must say each day adds up to a greater experience here. Moreover, I am grateful to Relinns Technologies for investing in me without having any prior experience. And I love the fact of working under the leadership of some brilliant minds I have ever known. Not to discount the support of my fellow teammates who are always up, whenever I need them. And apart from this, it's always amazing to catch up with friends at the foosball table during lunch break, making it a refreshing and rewarding place to work in! Sagar Sharma (Marketing Executive) I have been working here at Relinns Technologies for the last 1.6 years as a Digital Marketing Executive, and my time till now has been amazing. Coming from a technical background, I stepped into the field of Digital Marketing with a mix of curiosity and ambition. However, the environment here is incredibly supportive, allowing me to learn and grow every single day.

The learning environment at Relinns Technologies is Worth it. Every day, I am encouraged to push my limits, think creatively, and approach challenges with innovative solutions. The company truly knows how to make your brain horses run.

Relinns Technologies is a place where your potential is recognized, your efforts are valued, and your growth is supported. 

It’s an environment that inspires you to crave excellence and achieve your best. My experience here has been incredibly rewarding. Sanskriti  (Marketing Executive) Over the past two years at Relinns Technologies, I've had the opportunity to grow both personally and professionally in ways I never imagined. The dynamic and innovative environment here constantly challenges me to push my limits and think outside the box. Working alongside such a talented and supportive team has made every project an exciting journey. Relinns truly values its employees, fostering a culture of continuous learning and development. I am proud to be part of a company that not only delivers exceptional results but also prioritizes the growth and well-being of its team members. Suraj Kumar (Software Engineer) Working at Relinns has been a great experience for me. From a very steep learning experience and delivering quality work I really enjoy the great environment, culture and work space we have here. In all I like to get hands-on experience on new technologies here at Relinns along with the healthy support of our great tech team! Divyansh Dogra (Backend Team Lead) I am proud that I am a part of the Relinns family. Though the concept of work-life balance is much talked about, it is with Relinns that I truly got to experience it. Never-Ending Learnings, Respectful Workplace Culture, Plenty of Growth Opportunities not restricted by time, Supportive Management, and Cooperative Team Members - are just some of the reasons I love. Priyangu Atri (HR Manager) I’m working here at Relinns as a Software Developer and I started my journey 2 and a half years ago. 
I could not have asked for a better start to my career. Being from a non-IT, I never thought that I would be able to compete with those from IT. But with the support from my team and management and the horizon of opportunities they provided me with, I now have the confidence to achieve and build anything I wish to. Satyam Sharma (Software Engineer) It has been an exceptional period of over two years since I joined this remarkable company. Throughout my time here, I have gained invaluable experience in full-stack development using JavaScript, PHP, and React Native. I have also expanded my knowledge and expertise in various technologies, including blockchain, as well as AWS services such as CloudWatch, Lambda functions, SNS, and SQS. I am confident that there will be more opportunities for me to contribute my knowledge of blockchain and explore new technologies to drive innovation and success. Paritosh Verma (Senior Software Engineer) Over the past 5 years, I've led a dynamic Android development team, collaborating with talented individuals across various departments. Together, we've delivered innovative solutions, from small apps to complex enterprise systems, earning praise from clients and users. Working closely with designers, project managers, and others, I've learned the importance of teamwork and communication. I'm grateful for the opportunity to collaborate with such dedicated professionals and excited for our future projects together. Rajat Kumar (Product Technical Lead-Team Lead-Andriod) I have been working as a macOS & iOS developer at Relinns Technologies for more than three years. Initially, I joined the company as an intern and have since been promoted to the role of senior software engineer. Throughout my tenure, I have acquired valuable knowledge and successfully applied it to several projects, including SEEYOU, MedoPlus, Kurd Shopping, and AppsRhino Ecomm. The support and assistance from my team members have been exceptional throughout this journey.
During the majority of my time at Relinns Technologies, I have primarily worked remotely, enjoying the convenience of working from home. However, in the last quarter of 2022, I had the opportunity to visit my family in New Zealand. The company was kind enough to allow me to fulfill my work responsibilities while working remotely from there, which I refer to as "destination work from home Amandeep (Associate Software Engineer-iOS Developer) I am extremely fortunate to be a part of Relinns, where the work culture is friendly and highly supportive. I am grateful to work with colleagues who are approachable and always willing to lend a helping hand. From working as an individual to becoming a Team Lead, it's been an incredible rollercoaster ride full of exciting challenges & learning opportunities. Working with different teams, I've gained knowledge & experience of various aspects of marketing, design, content & how things work. Rahul Gupta (Assistant Manager - Marketing ) As the Manager of Sales and Customer Success at Relinns, I can confidently say that working here has been an incredible experience. At Relinns, the environment is tailored for sales growth, fostering collaboration and innovation, and making each workday a source of joy. Our commitment to delivering top-notch customer support is not only evident but is a pivotal force behind our sales triumphs. I value the hands-on experience with cutting-edge technologies and the unwavering support from our tech team, making our sales strategies even more effective. Relinns doesn't just meet industry standards; we set new benchmarks for sales and customer-centric workplaces. Anmol Anand (Manager-Customer Success) Starting my journey at Relinns as a Software Developer was the ideal beginning for my professional path. Being at the cutting edge of technological advancements is truly thrilling, and the experience is significantly enhanced by the robust support from our exceptional tech team. Their mentorship has been pivotal to my development, enriching my career in numerous ways. At Relinns, every day presents a new opportunity to learn and make a meaningful contribution. This dynamic atmosphere ensures that working at Relinns is not just a job, but a rewarding adventure in personal and professional growth. Bhawna Ahuja (Associate Software Engineer) It’s been one and a half years for me working as a Digital Marketing Executive here at Relinns and I must say each day adds up to a greater experience here. Moreover, I am grateful to Relinns Technologies for investing in me without having any prior experience. And I love the fact of working under the leadership of some brilliant minds I have ever known. Not to discount the support of my fellow teammates who are always up, whenever I need them. And apart from this, it's always amazing to catch up with friends at the foosball table during lunch break, making it a refreshing and rewarding place to work in! Sagar Sharma (Marketing Executive) I have been working here at Relinns Technologies for the last 1.6 years as a Digital Marketing Executive, and my time till now has been amazing. Coming from a technical background, I stepped into the field of Digital Marketing with a mix of curiosity and ambition. However, the environment here is incredibly supportive, allowing me to learn and grow every single day.

The learning environment at Relinns Technologies is Worth it. Every day, I am encouraged to push my limits, think creatively, and approach challenges with innovative solutions. The company truly knows how to make your brain horses run.

Relinns Technologies is a place where your potential is recognized, your efforts are valued, and your growth is supported. 

It’s an environment that inspires you to crave excellence and achieve your best. My experience here has been incredibly rewarding. Sanskriti  (Marketing Executive) Over the past two years at Relinns Technologies, I've had the opportunity to grow both personally and professionally in ways I never imagined. The dynamic and innovative environment here constantly challenges me to push my limits and think outside the box. Working alongside such a talented and supportive team has made every project an exciting journey. Relinns truly values its employees, fostering a culture of continuous learning and development. I am proud to be part of a company that not only delivers exceptional results but also prioritizes the growth and well-being of its team members. Suraj Kumar (Software Engineer) Working at Relinns has been a great experience for me. From a very steep learning experience and delivering quality work I really enjoy the great environment, culture and work space we have here. In all I like to get hands-on experience on new technologies here at Relinns along with the healthy support of our great tech team! Divyansh Dogra (Backend Team Lead) I am proud that I am a part of the Relinns family. Though the concept of work-life balance is much talked about, it is with Relinns that I truly got to experience it. Never-Ending Learnings, Respectful Workplace Culture, Plenty of Growth Opportunities not restricted by time, Supportive Management, and Cooperative Team Members - are just some of the reasons I love. Priyangu Atri (HR Manager) I’m working here at Relinns as a Software Developer and I started my journey 2 and a half years ago. 
I could not have asked for a better start to my career. Being from a non-IT, I never thought that I would be able to compete with those from IT. But with the support from my team and management and the horizon of opportunities they provided me with, I now have the confidence to achieve and build anything I wish to. Satyam Sharma (Software Engineer) It has been an exceptional period of over two years since I joined this remarkable company. Throughout my time here, I have gained invaluable experience in full-stack development using JavaScript, PHP, and React Native. I have also expanded my knowledge and expertise in various technologies, including blockchain, as well as AWS services such as CloudWatch, Lambda functions, SNS, and SQS. I am confident that there will be more opportunities for me to contribute my knowledge of blockchain and explore new technologies to drive innovation and success. Paritosh Verma (Senior Software Engineer) Over the past 5 years, I've led a dynamic Android development team, collaborating with talented individuals across various departments. Together, we've delivered innovative solutions, from small apps to complex enterprise systems, earning praise from clients and users. Working closely with designers, project managers, and others, I've learned the importance of teamwork and communication. I'm grateful for the opportunity to collaborate with such dedicated professionals and excited for our future projects together. Rajat Kumar (Product Technical Lead-Team Lead-Andriod) I have been working as a macOS & iOS developer at Relinns Technologies for more than three years. Initially, I joined the company as an intern and have since been promoted to the role of senior software engineer. Throughout my tenure, I have acquired valuable knowledge and successfully applied it to several projects, including SEEYOU, MedoPlus, Kurd Shopping, and AppsRhino Ecomm. The support and assistance from my team members have been exceptional throughout this journey.
During the majority of my time at Relinns Technologies, I have primarily worked remotely, enjoying the convenience of working from home. However, in the last quarter of 2022, I had the opportunity to visit my family in New Zealand. The company was kind enough to allow me to fulfill my work responsibilities while working remotely from there, which I refer to as "destination work from home Amandeep (Associate Software Engineer-iOS Developer) prev next Featured On Coverage in top media houses acts as a testimony to the phenomenal growth we have had over the last couple of years Frequently Asked Questions Can I copy the Assignments? You should complete the assignment on your own without seeking help from
anyone, including colleagues, or friends, or copying from other websites. If
anyone is found violating this rule, their continued engagement with the
company will be affected, leading to termination. System Requirements : Personal Laptop/System with 8 GB RAM, 120 GB SSD, or more for the training
period and the official system will be allocated after the training period
Laptop/System audio/video input & output should be properly functional
List of software that should be installed on the laptop 
All Profiles: Google Chrome, Grammarly,
Technical Profiles: VSCODE, Ubuntu as OS
Non-Technical Profiles: Documents that need to bring on the first day at Relinns: Anyone original document (10th, 12th, graduation or post-graduation)
Identity proof. (DL, PAN, and Passport)
Address proof (Aadhar Card)
Passport Size photographs
Photocopy of Certificates from matriculation to up to your highest
qualification.
2 Professor’s/Professional References Can I negotiate my stipend amount after getting LOI? You should be agreed to the stipend amount mentioned in the letter of intent (LOI)
provided by the company. You should understand that the stipend amount is final and is
happily accepted by you. You should accept the terms and conditions mentioned in the LOI
and confirm your commitment to fulfilling your responsibilities as an employee of the
company. What if I want to take a vacation during my Employment period? You are free to plan your vacations during your training period. However, if you take more
than 6 days of leave, your training period will get extended by the days of vacation you
take.
Your appraisal will be affected and the retention bonus transfer if committed will be
extended in case an employee is on leave for more than 10 days in a calendar apart from
the allowed leaves quota or if 10 continuous leaves are taken. The new date of successful
completion of one (1) year will be calculated based on the number of leaves taken from the
date of one (1) year of successful/continuous completion. Do I need to submit any documents for the training period? The candidate has to get a request letter from the college for employment at Relinns. Once
we receive an Employment request letter, the candidate will be offered the Letter of Intent
for Employment at Relinns. On the date of joining, a candidate will be requested to get all
documents as per the joining email for verification purposes & need to submit one original
certificate 10th or 12th Class for the training period. What documents I will get from Relinns? Relinns will be providing only 2 documents, one at the joining date (Appointment Letter)
other is the Experience letter, In case there is any other document required by the college
as per the curriculum request then it can only be given based on email requests from
college authorities. Please inform HR prior to your joining about such a request. In which case I will be requested to leave Relinns? In case of any misconduct, failure to comply with company policies, or not being able to
meet the expected performance standards, Relinns has complete authority to discard your
candidature for employment. What if I don't want to pay INR 20,000/- per month as training cost? Candidates who leave before 12 months without paying Relinns INR 20,000 per month to the
company for the time spent during the training; as a penalty to cover the cost of training
spent by the company will be considered as an absconding case which will be informed to
the college authorities and relevant industry forums may affect his/her further engagement
in the industry and will be blacklisted by Relinns. The company will pursue legal action to
recover the training cost. What if I want to leave the company? Relinns is not the best place for those who are looking for engagement for short period and
have plans for higher studies, govt jobs, shift to aboard, or joining a family business.
Candidates who leave within the training period or after working for a few months before
completing the 12 months from DOJ with the company will not be eligible for a training
completion certificate, will have to service a 30-day notice period, and will have to pay
Relinns INR 20,000 per month to the company for the time spent during the training; as a
penalty to cover the cost of training spent by the company and to get relieved from the
company with proper documents. 1 2 3 4 ---- 6 LET’S WORK TOGETHER · LET’S WORK TOGETHER · LET’S WORK TOGETHER · LET’S WORK TOGETHER · LET’S WORK TOGETHER · LET’S WORK TOGETHER · LET’S WORK TOGETHER · LET’S WORK TOGETHER · LET’S WORK TOGETHER · LET’S WORK TOGETHER · LET’S WORK TOGETHER · LET’S WORK TOGETHER · From the cassette tape to nanotech skeletons, we’ve come a long way. Splitting an atom is no big deal – and who’d have thought that we’d talk through airwaves? Change is inevitable, and we’re the tide that brings it. At Relinns, we breathe tech solutions and embrace innovation with open arms. Follow us Copyright © 2016 - 2024 Relinns Technologies Pvt. Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Privacy policy Menu About Portfolio Blogs Contact Us Careers Hiring Service Custom Chatbot Development Custom Software Development eCommerce Solutions Follow us Copyright © 2016 - 2024 Relinns Technologies Pvt. Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Privacy policy

Tech Careers | Career Development Tips & Insights at Relinns Home Products AI Chatbot Platform Ecommerce Platform Services Custom Chatbot Development Custom Software Development Generative AI Consulting Low Code Development eCommerce Solutions AI Model Development Work Portfolio Case Study OckyPocky Store My Goods ModWash Punjab Agro's Five Rivers ISEA - Guatemala Optique The Black Book 4allPromos Cyboard TryKardi MedoPlus ChatAhoot Authentic Drilling GrumpNow Mall Shoppee About Careers Blogs Get in Touch Coming Soon... LET’S WORK TOGETHER · LET’S WORK TOGETHER · LET’S WORK TOGETHER · LET’S WORK TOGETHER · LET’S WORK TOGETHER · LET’S WORK TOGETHER · LET’S WORK TOGETHER · LET’S WORK TOGETHER · LET’S WORK TOGETHER · LET’S WORK TOGETHER · LET’S WORK TOGETHER · LET’S WORK TOGETHER · From the cassette tape to nanotech skeletons, we’ve come a long way. Splitting an atom is no big deal – and who’d have thought that we’d talk through airwaves? Change is inevitable, and we’re the tide that brings it. At Relinns, we breathe tech solutions and embrace innovation with open arms. Follow Us Menu About Portfolio Blogs Contact Us Careers Hiring Services Custom Chatbot Development Custom Software Development eCommerce Solutions Follow Us Copyright © 2016 - 2024 Relinns Technologies Pvt. Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy

Contact us for Custom AI Software Development | Relinns Home Products AI Chatbot Platform Ecommerce Platform Services Custom Chatbot Development Custom Software Development Generative AI Consulting Low Code Development eCommerce Solutions AI Model Development Work Portfolio Case Study OckyPocky Store My Goods ModWash Punjab Agro's Five Rivers ISEA - Guatemala Optique The Black Book 4allPromos Cyboard TryKardi MedoPlus ChatAhoot Authentic Drilling GrumpNow Mall Shoppee About Careers Blogs Get in Touch Whether You Have A Question About Our Services Or You Want To Tell Us About Your Next Big Idea With us, you get the dedication of an in-house team with the proven expertise of a tech industry leader. Our Clients Our Partners Prefer email? You can also reach us at: contact@relinns.com Want to join our team? careers.relinns.com First Name Last Name Enter Your Email Address + 91 Enter your phone number For Services For Job Select the Reason to Contact Us Enter your message Submit What Our Clients Say About Us Here’s where they say nice things about us. Like you will too! Testimonials Founder | GrumpNow “ We’ve been extremely impressed with the speed and quality of output. They are always responsive to feedback and maintains a professional and vested approach to both the client and product. “ Nick Schutz Owner | Nelson Tec. &Consulting, LLC. “ Relinns met all deadlines and delivered on all requirements Communicating throughout the project, their team responded quickly to provide updates Their cost-effective methods and expertise in their field are impressive. “ Brad Nelson Partner | Linx Creations “  Relinns is highly reliable, always delivering on time and with a high quality. Their attention to detail, professionalism, and responsiveness contribute to rewarding collaboration. “ Maneet Nanar COO | Perpetuity Partners “ The team is professional in their approach and is willing to go the extra mile for client satisfaction, something we have never experienced until now. “ Sidharth Agarwal Founder | Holimate “Relinns is truly a one stop center fulfilling all my project requirements involving development for Apps and website. I have already engaged them with 2 big requirements on all platforms and they can deliver with extra effort without me asking. I will opt for Relinns again for my next project. Keep the good work. Wish them huge success. “ Marvin Foong Global Expertise At Your Fingertips Presence is more than just being there; with on-ground support across various countries, we are locked and loaded to help you wherever you are. India HQ: 303, C-184, Third Floor, Sector 75, Mohali, Punjab 160071 A satisfied customer is the best business strategy of all. Have An Awesome Project? Let’s Make It Happen! Ok, let’s do this LET’S WORK TOGETHER · LET’S WORK TOGETHER · LET’S WORK TOGETHER · LET’S WORK TOGETHER · LET’S WORK TOGETHER · LET’S WORK TOGETHER · LET’S WORK TOGETHER · LET’S WORK TOGETHER · LET’S WORK TOGETHER · LET’S WORK TOGETHER · LET’S WORK TOGETHER · LET’S WORK TOGETHER · From the cassette tape to nanotech skeletons, we’ve come a long way. Splitting an atom is no big deal – and who’d have thought that we’d talk through airwaves? Change is inevitable, and we’re the tide that brings it. At Relinns, we breathe tech solutions and embrace innovation with open arms. Follow Us Menu About Portfolio Blogs Contact Us Careers Hiring Services Custom Chatbot Development Custom Software Development eCommerce Solutions Follow Us Copyright © 2016 - 2024 Relinns Technologies Pvt. Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy

Relinns Technologies | Mohali

x.com

Relinns Technologies (@relinns.technologies) • Instagram photos and videos

Relinns Technologies - YouTube About Press Copyright Contact us Creator Advertise Developers Terms Privacy Policy & Safety How YouTube works Test new features © 2024 Google LLC

Pinterest Today Watch Explore Log in Sign up Relinns Technologies relinns.com · At Relinns, we breathe tech solutions and embrace innovations with open arms.  Our team is on the path to find religion in the workplace. relinns · 607 followers · 1.1k following Follow Created Saved Relinns Technologies , 83 Pins , 5mo Web Design & Development , 20 Pins , 1y Android Apps Development , 94 Pins , 2y Chatbots , 15 Pins , 2y Mobile app development , 7 Pins , 2y Festivals , 5 Pins , 2y Digital Marketing , 17 Pins , 3y Mobile Apps Development , 19 Pins , 3y Quotes , 9 Pins , 4y Motivation , 2 Pins , 4y Relinns Technologies (relinns) - Profile | Pinterest



Relinns Privacy Policy | How We Protect Your Information Home Products AI Chatbot Platform Ecommerce Platform Services Custom Chatbot Development Custom Software Development Generative AI Consulting Low Code Development eCommerce Solutions AI Model Development Work Portfolio Case Study OckyPocky Store My Goods ModWash Punjab Agro's Five Rivers ISEA - Guatemala Optique The Black Book 4allPromos Cyboard TryKardi MedoPlus ChatAhoot Authentic Drilling GrumpNow Mall Shoppee About Careers Blogs Get in Touch Privacy Policy This Privacy Policy governs the online information collection practices of Relinns Technologies Private Limited and its subsidiaries ("Relinns," "we," "us," "our"). It outlines the types of information that we gather about you while you are using our website https://www.relinns.com/ and how we use this information. Relinns and its subsidiaries may request users who filled out the contact form ("Clients") to share their content, such as information, files, and folders ("Content") to analyze their existing customers, potential customers, and third parties ("Viewers") based on the content viewed by them. Viewers are individuals who interact with our website without submitting a contact form. We process your data in accordance with applicable laws and regulations following industry best practices. Purpose and Scope This Privacy Policy primarily applies to information that we collect online; however, it may also apply to some data provided to us offline and/or through other means (e.g., via telephone, through the mail). This Privacy Policy documents and describes how our organization collects information from all Users/Viewers of our Services. While providing our Services on behalf of our registered users, we collect information related to Viewers. The use of information collected on behalf of our Users is governed primarily by our engagement contract with them and their organization's privacy policies. We are not responsible for the privacy policies and practices of our users or any other third parties. How We Collect Data About You Depending on how you use our website, we may collect different data from or about you. Product Development Cycle We collect data through various stages of the product development cycle. This data includes but is not limited to: Client Feedback: We may collect feedback from our clients regarding their experiences with our services and the development process. This feedback helps us understand client needs and preferences, allowing us to tailor our offerings better to meet their requirements. Project Progress Tracking: We gather data on each project's progress, including milestones achieved, tasks completed, and any challenges encountered. This information helps us ensure that projects are delivered on time and within budget. Bug Reports and Issue Tracking: Clients may report bugs or issues encountered during the development process. We collect data related to these reports, such as error descriptions, system configurations, and steps to reproduce the issue. Analyzing this data helps us identify and address issues promptly to maintain project quality. Budget and Resource Utilization: We track budget allocations and resource utilization for each project to ensure that resources are allocated efficiently and projects are delivered cost-effectively. Client Satisfaction Surveys: We may conduct surveys or interviews with clients to gather insights into their satisfaction levels, expectations, and areas for improvement. The data collected from these interactions informs our project management decisions and helps us enhance client satisfaction. Data Privacy and Security Considerations: All data collected during the product development cycle complies with privacy laws and contractual agreements. Confidential information is protected, and access is restricted to authorized personnel only. By collecting and analyzing data throughout the product development cycle, we aim to ensure client satisfaction and deliver high-quality solutions that meet our clients' needs and expectations. Automated Data Collection Technical data about your computer or device, such as device type, operating system, and IP address. This data helps us improve the delivery of our web pages and measure site traffic. User Generated Data We collect information and material (user-generated content) provided voluntarily by our users or viewers to publish and process on our platform. This includes text, photos, and videos associated with user accounts or emails used to access links. Transactions Data We collect information such as the type of service requested, order details, payment and transaction information, and the date and time the service was provided. Partners We may work with partners who provide us with your Personal Information to market, sell, or support our Services. Cookies and Tracking Technologies Some information is collected through cookies, web beacons, and tracking technologies. Please refer to our Cookie Policy for more details on the types of cookies being used. Types of Information We Collect and Store We may collect and store personal and sensitive personal information about you in connection with providing and fulfilling our services. This may include: First name and last name Email address Location IP address How We Use Your Personal Information We may use your personal information for various purposes, including but not limited to: Providing information about our offerings and/or periodic newsletters Responding to your requests Developing business intelligence or data analytics Managing our relationship with you Internal record keeping Verifying your identity Maintaining up-to-date information about you Improving our website Enabling automated handling of subscriptions Complying with legal or statutory obligations Access to Your Data Within Our Organization Access to your data within our organization is limited to those who require it to provide you with the Products and Services, contact you, and respond to your inquiries. Employees only have access to data relevant to their team, on a ‘need to know’ basis. Sharing Your Data Outside Our Organization We may share your data with third-party service providers and authorities under certain circumstances, such as to operate and improve the Sites, comply with legal requirements, or in the event of a business transfer. We ensure that third-party service providers access, process, and store information only for authorized purposes. Retention of Information We retain certain information collected from you for various reasons, including providing you with our Services, compliance with legal requirements, and improving our Sites. We retain user data for as long as necessary for the abovementioned purposes. Security We implement administrative, managerial, and technical security measures to protect your personal information. While we strive to protect your information, you should also take steps to protect your personal information while online. Links to Other Websites Our Sites may contain links to third-party websites. We advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit, as we do not control the privacy practices of third-party sites. Changes to This Policy We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any material changes to the Policy. You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Last Updated: May 20, 2024 This Privacy Policy is effective from the date of posting on this page. A satisfied customer is the best business strategy of all. Have an Awesome Project? Let’s Make It Happen! Ok, let’s do this LET’S WORK TOGETHER · LET’S WORK TOGETHER · LET’S WORK TOGETHER · LET’S WORK TOGETHER · LET’S WORK TOGETHER · LET’S WORK TOGETHER · LET’S WORK TOGETHER · LET’S WORK TOGETHER · LET’S WORK TOGETHER · LET’S WORK TOGETHER · LET’S WORK TOGETHER · LET’S WORK TOGETHER · From the cassette tape to nanotech skeletons, we’ve come a long way. Splitting an atom is no big deal – and who’d have thought that we’d talk through airwaves? Change is inevitable, and we’re the tide that brings it. At Relinns, we breathe tech solutions and embrace innovation with open arms. Follow Us Menu About Portfolio Blogs Contact Us Careers Hiring Services Custom Chatbot Development Custom Software Development eCommerce Solutions Follow Us Copyright © 2016 - 2024 Relinns Technologies Pvt. Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy

